the night groaned with cold the garden
lights flickered nervously in their
light the falling snow was dead white
before the darkness aided up I'd heard
the stories the trio were mad dogs
they'd have hung the heads of their
enemies over the manor gates of the capo
would only let them Punchinello wanted
pain could see the pain the trick in my
situation was that there was no trick no
matter what the movies tell you no rules
no secret mantra no load that it wasn't
about how smart or how good you are it
was chaos and luck then anyone who
thought different was a fool all you
could do was to hang on madly as long
and as hard as you could someone had
graciously left the back door open for
me and killed the guards my money was on
Mona I knew the trio would be standing
between me and Punchinello i had read
their rap sheets thick his phone books
no one would be walking out of here
alive the numbing cold that the broken
night had followed me in upstairs the
trio tango down to manor halls to the
silent rhythm of their murderous hearts
the blood of their victims rust on their
lips Vince miyano pilot Providence aka
Big Brother and Joe deadpan Salem the
pistol is a frozen lump in my hand
piercing the skin knowing me to the bone
hey
no no no let's go at any place too late
it didn't take me long to run into the
trio
one down two to go
like what should have been told
Oh
don't stop it in this will this will
stop anything hey come it was too late
for her
trio was done for outside my door hurry
he's coming for me you gotta hurry
please I could hear Punchinello on the
phone begging for help he should have
been saying his goodbyes
but janella was a pushover the moment I
stepped into the room he folded like a
dues before a royal flush no wait I was
just doing what I was told and couldn't
refuse she's someone I up government
maybe I don't known he was trying to buy
more sand for his hourglass I wasn't
selling any no I told him nothing drop
it don't move game over max payne
I could tell when I was outgunned there
was time to take another beating the
mystery which was a real Barracuda
trouble and dagger heels smoking assault
rifle in her hand an army of killer
suits behind her how sweet I get to kill
two birds with one stone sooner or later
it was gonna catch up with you mr. Payne
it's time to show you the benefits of my
broom be a good boy no it find that lady
love was really a hooker aha you were
fresh out of cash